Equiupments:

treadmills
ellipticals
exercise cycles
stair climbers
rowing machines
free weights
racks
synergy 360 systems
cable crossovers
kettlebells
lateral x trainers
amt cross trainers





If you’re looking to join a supportive, welcoming gym community, with people of all fitness levels who want to see you succeed, you’ve come to the right place.


Many large national gym chains fail! With their profit focus, huge  memberships and overcrowded equipment they lose sight of what it takes to help you achieve your personal fitness goals and treat you like an individual. After a brief induction you soon become just another number on the membership register, left to your own devices, you learn bad exercise techniques, you get despondent at the lack of results and eventually leave. Inside THE FITNESS BOX we will empower you to stick at it and make Health and Fitness a major part of your life, (and the fun part!) rather than just a passing fad. 

At THE FITNESS BOX we know our success depends on your fitness success.

Personal training:
At some point 70% of Brits begin an exercise program but in less than 3 months 80% of those same individuals will quit and give up. Interestingly, 85% of all individuals who have a Personal Trainer stick to their fitness schedule, achieving far more than they could working out alone.

This is where the benefits of using a personal trainer come in. Our Personal Trainers will ensure every movement of every exercise is optimised to help you reach your full potential, and most importantly, they are there to prevent you from giving up half way through a session.

So if you have specific fitness goals that you’d like to achieve or just prefer to train in a more private and personalised setting, our one to one personal training sessions are just what you’re after!

We offer one hour private sessions with one of our highly qualified personal trainers. Whether you are looking to hit a new personal best on a specific lift, looking to lose weight and tone up, need to re-rehabilitate an injury or maximise your performance in your chosen sport, we will come up with a training plan specific to your individual goals and take your strength and fitness to another level!

In our personal training area, we have a range of quality equipment available at our disposal. From Olympic bars to Kettlebells, to Slam balls and  TRX suspension trainers, we have all the equipment you need to work the entire body!  We keep our sessions fun and varied making use of many different training styles and equipment.

Let us help you with your Fitness Goals, Whether it is Fat Loss, Muscle Gain or to Prepare for that Special event


Widely recognized as one of India’s premium fitness destinations, Nitrro is not just a gym, it’s a way of life. Nitrro is an ISO certified 9001-2008 company, which is endorsed by top Bollywood stars and international athletes. Our equipment selection is done by our training & fitness department. The same equipment is used by the likes of the American Military, and the Manchester United & German football teams.

The purpose behind this venture was to give an ultimate fitness experience under the supervision of highly qualified & experienced professionals.AM FITNESS is expanding across the nation & internationally, ensuring you a luxurious fitness experience. Our standards are periodically refined to live up to the brand’s promise and be relevant. We stand with an Experienced team who share a great rapport with our members,  keeping in mind their needs on first priority and are with them each step of the way in reaching their goals.

















